SR/README.md, before:

### 2022-01-10 MARLIN 2.0.9.3 RELEASE

Each firmware has a header that corresponds to the hardware (board) and functions used in the firmware.
Below is an example with the firmware for a SR printer (STOCK) with a Mks_Robin_nanoV3 board with 4xTMC2209 drivers and BTT TFT:

**Exemple:**
SRM-SrBPULR-Robin_nano_v3.bin
=> SRM = SR with MKS Nano_V3 board.
   SRB = SR with BTT Skr_v1.3 board.
   - (S)4xTMC2209 in UART mode - Stock
   - (r)UI Marlin RepRap TFT - (BTT TFT)  
   - (B)Extruder BMG - Stock
   - (P)PreHeat bed (60°C) 
   - (U)Leveling mode UBL
   - (L)LinearAdvance enabled - Stock 
   - (R)Arc function enabled - Stock

  **Note**: After choosing your binary, remove the "SRM-SrBPULR-" header or rename the file to "Robin_nano_v3.bin" for SR-MKS,
  place it on your SD card, insert your SD card into the printer and power on your printer.

  **/*-------Others Firmwares for QQS with SKR family or Mks_Nano Family----*/**
  - (QQS)U9rTPULR16-SKR14T_firmware   QQS SKR14T(4xTMC2209UART)16steps with TITAN extruder. 
  - (QQS)U8rBPUR32-SKR12PRO_firmware     QQS SKR12PRO(4xTMC2208_standAlone)32steps without LA, with BMG extruder.
  - (QQS)U9rTPULR16-SKR14_firmware QQS with SKRv1.4 Board with emulation LCD (Marlin Mode)
  
  **Caption:**

  **/*------Drivers--------*/**
  - (S) Stock=4xTMC2209_UART. (default)
  - (16) All drivers 16steps (default)
  - (32) All drivers 32steps

  **/*-------Options UI TFT--------*/**
  - (F) UI STANDARD (Emulation LCD screen on TFT)
  - (C) UI MARLIN (TFT Color screen like Mks TS35v2)
  - (I) UI MKS (TFT Color screen>=480x320 use Lvgl/NANOv3)
  - (r) UI STANDARD (TFT Color screen like BTT-TFT35v3 or Marlin Mode Emulation) (default)
  - (D) UI DWIN (TFT DGUS Color screen like Mks H43)

  **/*------Modules--------*/**
  - (n) NeoPixel (management of led strips)
  - (W) Module ESP8266/ESP12 (infos at the middle of the page)
  - (w) Module ESP8266/ESP12 with ESP3Dv3.0 Firmware.
  - (B) Extruder BMG right_hand (Stock) (default)
  - (O) Extruder OMG v2
  - (X) Extruder NEMA14 (SDHX/Mini-Sherpa/Orbiter/LGX)
  
  **/*-------Others options in firmware----*/**
  - (G) SENSORLESS_HOMING (Only 2209)
  - (g) SENSORLESS_PROBING (Only 2209)
  - (A) BED_LEVELING_BILINEAR
  - (U) BED_LEVELING_UBL (default)
  - (P) PreHeat bed before leveling (default)
  - (R) ARC_SUPPORT (default)
  - (L) Linear Advance (default)
  
  **/*-------Others options for advanced users who build their firmware----*/**
  - HOST_ACTION_COMMANDS (Action Command Prompt support Message on OctoPrint) (default)
  - (M) MEATPACK (Improve dialogue/communication with OctoPrint)
  - BINARY_FILE_TRANSFER (default)
  - TEMP_SENSOR_0 (After changed the thermitor nozzle)
  - LCD_LANGUAGE (Change to the native language)
  - etc 
  
***

Commit message:

Update BugFix 2.0.9.3+
Packs SRM and SRB with others TFT screen.
Mks-TS35, BTT-TFT35v3, BTT-TFT70v3 landscape/portrait.

SR/README.md, after:

### 2022-02-02 MARLIN 2.0.9.3 RELEASE BUGFIX

Each firmware has a header that corresponds to the hardware (board) and functions used in the firmware.
Below is an example with the firmware for a SR printer (STOCK) with a Mks_Robin_nanoV3 board with 4xTMC2209 drivers and BTT TFT:

**Exemple:**
SRM-SrBPULR-Robin_nano_v3.bin
=> SRM = SR with MKS Nano_V3 board.
   SRB = SR with BTT Skr_v1.3 board.
   - (S)4xTMC2209 in UART mode - Stock
   - (r)UI Marlin RepRap TFT - (BTT TFT)  
   - (B)Extruder BMG - Stock
   - (P)PreHeat bed (60°C) 
   - (U)Leveling mode UBL
   - (L)LinearAdvance enabled - Stock 
   - (R)Arc function enabled - Stock

**ADD:**
   - Pack Firmware for BTT-TFT35/70 mode landscape and portrait for TFT35v3. 


  **Note**: After choosing your binary, remove the "SRM-SrBPULR-" header or rename the file to "Robin_nano_v3.bin" for SR-MKS,
  place it on your SD card, insert your SD card into the printer and power on your printer.

  **/*-------Others Firmwares for QQS with SKR family or Mks_Nano Family----*/**
  - (QQS)U9rTPULR16-SKR14T_firmware   QQS SKR14T(4xTMC2209UART)16steps with TITAN extruder. 
  - (QQS)U8rBPUR32-SKR12PRO_firmware     QQS SKR12PRO(4xTMC2208_standAlone)32steps without LA, with BMG extruder.
  - (QQS)U9rTPULR16-SKR14_firmware QQS with SKRv1.4 Board with emulation LCD (Marlin Mode)
  
  **Caption:**

  **/*------Drivers--------*/**
  - (S) Stock=4xTMC2209_UART. (default)
  - (16) All drivers 16steps (default)
  - (32) All drivers 32steps

  **/*-------Options UI TFT--------*/**
  - (F) UI STANDARD (Emulation LCD screen on TFT)
  - (C) UI MARLIN (TFT Color screen like Mks TS35v2)
  - (I) UI MKS (TFT Color screen>=480x320 use Lvgl/NANOv3)
  - (r) UI STANDARD (TFT Color screen like BTT-TFT35v3 or Marlin Mode Emulation) (default)
  - (D) UI DWIN (TFT DGUS Color screen like Mks H43)

  **/*------Modules--------*/**
  - (n) NeoPixel (management of led strips)
  - (W) Module ESP8266/ESP12 (infos at the middle of the page)
  - (w) Module ESP8266/ESP12 with ESP3Dv3.0 Firmware.
  - (B) Extruder BMG right_hand (Stock) (default)
  - (O) Extruder OMG v2
  - (X) Extruder NEMA14 (SDHX/Mini-Sherpa/Orbiter/LGX)
  
  **/*-------Others options in firmware----*/**
  - (G) SENSORLESS_HOMING (Only 2209)
  - (g) SENSORLESS_PROBING (Only 2209)
  - (A) BED_LEVELING_BILINEAR
  - (U) BED_LEVELING_UBL (default)
  - (P) PreHeat bed before leveling (default)
  - (R) ARC_SUPPORT (default)
  - (L) Linear Advance (default)
  
  **/*-------Others options for advanced users who build their firmware----*/**
  - HOST_ACTION_COMMANDS (Action Command Prompt support Message on OctoPrint) (default)
  - (M) MEATPACK (Improve dialogue/communication with OctoPrint)
  - BINARY_FILE_TRANSFER (default)
  - TEMP_SENSOR_0 (After changed the thermitor nozzle)
  - LCD_LANGUAGE (Change to the native language)
  - etc 
  
***
